hi friends are you looking to scare
someone on Halloween here is an American
Horror Story asylum makeup tutorial it
is season 2 and I am so excited so let's
get this tutorial started with a white
base so you're just gonna go ahead and
grab a foundation brush and put that
white base all over your face
[Music]
just like you would set a foundation set
that with white powder as well
[Music]
and now grab a creamy black eyeliner and
place that on your lid and fill it in as
well
[Music]
line your bottom under-eye area as well
and remember to fill in and tight line
your top and bottom borderline because
that area is very dark in the photos
that I see further Asylum and then top
it off with some mascara top and bottom
lashes you're gonna think I'm so weird
but I want to see how natural tears flow
so I grab some artificial tears and I'm
putting that in the bottom waterline
area to make my mascara smudge so that I
can see like how real tears fall and I'm
shaking my head to make the tears fall
in different areas I know such a weird
way to do this but I thought it was fun
and I'm using a black eyeliner and
filling in those tears that I initially
did with the artificial tears I felt it
wasn't pigmented enough so I grabbed a
black cream makeup that I got from CVS
it was only like 6 bucks with a pack of
like Halloween makeup and I'm using a
liner brush and I'm creating more tears
with it and it makes it a more thick
type of tear instead of just like liner
tears so oh my there knows it's looking
good
so go ahead and grab a liner brush and
grab some red shadow and place that on
the lash line
you're gonna have to do it like a couple
times because the black wig is really
pigmented so just really Pat on that red
all right Tay so go ahead and put on
some circle lenses if you want grab a
white blankie cover your head and you
are scary as heck go scare somebody and
happy happy Halloween thank you so much
for watching and I would love it if you
subscribed and you comment like then
maybe even share this video to freak out
some people alrighty see you soon again
bye
you